Adds emote event on README Specification (#2)
rmrk-team/EmotableEIP: README.md

pragma solidity ^0.8.16;

interface IRMRKEmotable is IERC165 {

    /**

>      * @notice Used to notify listeners of that the token with ID tokenId has been emoted or unemoted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @notice Used to notify listeners that the token with the specified ID has been emoted to or that the reaction has been revoked.
```

>      * @dev The event is only emitted if the state of the emote is changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @dev The event SHOULD only be emitted if the state of the emote is changed.
```

>      * @param emoter Address of the account that emoted or unemoted the token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @param emoter Address of the account that emoted or revoked the reaction to the token
```

>      * @param tokenId ID of the token being emoted or unemoted

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @param tokenId ID of the token
```

     * @param emoji Unicode identifier of the emoji

>      * @param on Boolean value signifying whether the token was emoted (`true`) or unemoted (`false`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     * @param on Boolean value signifying whether the token was emoted to (`true`) or if the reaction has been revoked (`false`)
```
